# Islandora UI Interest Group: Meeting 01

## July 22, 2015, 2:00-3:00 PM ADT

## Agenda

1. Introductions: Who are you and why did you join this group?

2. [Terms of Reference](https://github.com/Islandora/Islandora-UI-Interest-Group/blob/main/README.md): Suggestions/comments?

3. [List of Issues](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HIq1qPD65GrhPjo7ejLArj0yRPZIb0w6ucemCaX5tIk/edit#): What would you like to improve? Please add to the linked Google Doc before the meeting) 

4. Scoping: What should/can this IG tackle? 

5. Next steps

## Attended
* Rosie LeFaive
* Melissa Anez
* Alan Stanley
* David Kemper
* Tommy Keswick
* Yoo Young Lee
* Dennis Ogg
* Mike Nason

## Notes

### Terms of Reference: Suggestions/comments?
No suggestions

### List of Issues: What would you like to improve? 

Google docs list of issues: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HIq1qPD65GrhPjo7ejLArj0yRPZIb0w6ucemCaX5tIk

#### Admin Interface Issues
* Too many clicks
  * A lot of places are already making their own customizations to deal with this
  * in-place editing for metadata fields, as in Drupal module QuickEdit
    * Probably more complex because our data is stored differently
    * Alan proposes using the Solr Metadata display and providing it as a form, with submit button or AJAX field-by-field
      * But multivalue fields are a challenge
  * Adding a tab to edit metadata is low-hanging fruit
  * MODS only, or allow for other datastreams?
    * sniff whichever datastream is exposed, tie the edit button to that
    * Or separate tabs to edit each metadata datastream on an object
  * With an admin interface to determine how many tabs are active
  * Ticket created: https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1361
* Upload file shouldn’t be on a separate page in the ingest steps
  * Can we make the order of ingest steps configurable?
  * It is easy to forget what you’re working on between the metadata screen and the file upload
  * How about a stepless ingest process?
  * Offer a work bench with a “Quick Add” button with the many steps already selected (forms, content models, etc)
    * Ticket created: https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1363
* New component added in JIRA to track the UI groups improvements/new features so they can get feedback from Committers and track progress. 
  * [Follow-up note: this component was since removed at the request of the Release Manager, because components are things that are tracked for releases. Islandora UIIG tickets are given the tag 'UIIG' for tracking instead, and may or may not relate to a component. -RL]
* Radio buttons would be more friendly than select lists for Content Model and Form choices when adding content
  * Decided this is low-hanging fruit and very appealing. Rosie will put in a JIRA ticket to ask that this be the default
* Radio buttons, checkboxes, and buttons would be nice to have in metadata forms
  * Now enabled in XML Form Builder, because they don’t work well with CRUD
  * Rosie will put in a ticket and may try to take it on
  * Ticket created: https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1368
* Improve URLS
  * Do we have any control over this?
  * Might be browser specific
  * [Follow-up Note: this behaviour is in the url() function and is part of Drupal Core. Previously documented here: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/islandora/qKTjpXAj1n0/rueu7krf1tAJ - solutions are to hack core drupal or do js magic or use mod_rewrite or pathauto. -RL]
* Don’t display dependent content models in Manage Collection Policy (such as Paged Content)
  *  This is tricky. How do we determine which are “major” and which aren’t?
  * This isn’t an interface that gets used a lot - it may not be worth the effort to streamline.
  * Voted that this is not going to be addressed.


#### Site User Issues

* Default collection display (10 to a page) is ugly *and* doesn’t fit in 4 columns. - rosiel  12 should be the default not a configuration to figure out.
  * Yep! Rosie will make a ticket to propose this change
* Likewise provide control or do 12/page for other modules that display a grid of page icons
  * Ditto
* Make the collection display be a view so admin can alter it - query solr instead of sparql.
  * Great idea - but difficult to implement?
  * Supplementary module that turns on UI enhancement that depends on Views.
  * Package with Islandora Solr Views?
    * Ticket incoming
* Overhaul breadcrumbs so they don’t bog down page load time at scale due to exhaustive sparql queries
  * Right now the solution is to turn them off
  * Breadcrumbs are problematic for objects in multiple collections
* with some themes … when managing objects the linked options sometimes get ‘covered’ by the sub-tabs making it difficult to select options.
  * Shows up in some bootstrap themes. At least two members of the UIIG have seen this 
  * Can this be fixed in the code, or does it live in the theme?
  * [Follow-up Note: in your css, add the following code: -RL ]
```
.overlay ul.secondary {
  margin: 0 0 0.3em 0; /* LTR */
}
```
## Next Meeting
In approximately a month; see Doodle poll: http://doodle.com/mte9cvradwyup3zu 


