## Islandora User Interface Interest Group (UIIG) Agenda
Wednesday, August 26, 2:00pm - 3:00 PM EDT 
---

#### To join the meeting
* Send a skype contact request to rosemary.lib indicating you'd like to be part of the UIIG.

---

#### Agenda Items

- Introductions 
 - Attending: Rosie LeFaive (Chair), Melissa Anez (Notes), Tommy Keswick, Lingling Jiang, Logan Cox, Tao Zhao
-  Notes from previous (Islandora Conf) meeting, namely
 - Github issues replacing Google Doc
 - Need for promotion among community as "not just theming"
  - Newsletter next month
  - Blog post once there are some issues completed
- Administration
 - Meetings ongoing as 4th Wednesday at 2 Eastern?
 - Anyone want to rotate Chair?
  - Tommy will sub in every-other meeting
 - Notes
  - Volunteer basis for now
 - Monthly meeting date - 4th Wednesday at 2 Eastern?
  - Approved!
- Any updates on [Tickets on Jira](https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=project%20%3D%20ISLANDORA%20AND%20labels%20%3D%20UIIG)?
 - 1371 - proof of concept made during Hackfest. [Solr Collection Views](https://github.com/Islandora-Labs/islandora_solr_collection_view). Mark Jordan is currently testing.
 - 1370 - Fixed during conference Hackfest as a demonstration of how to use github. Will be in 7.x-1.6 release.
 - 1369 - Can be worked around with AJAX
 - 1368 - Done.
 - 1363 - Not started yet. Might be better merged with a meta-issue on improving ingest workflow. Could also do a "UI Examples" [module](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-UI-Interest-Group/issues/26) packaging up lots of little fixes, like in the Drupal Examples module.
 - 1362 - Might be some resistance because Islandora core has alot of code that leans on having an OBJ datastream. Ingest Form Handler may be the culprit. ON Rosie's to-do list.
 - 1361 - Lingling has a similar solution at UTSC for this using contextual filters on PIDs and blocks. UIIG could try packaging a view for the community - but it depends on what metadata strings folks want to edit. Maybe a "helper views" module, with Edit MODS as a defualt but config options to edit or clone to specific schemes. Also a documentation task to explin about contextual filters and views. Rosie may have some work on this for the next meeting.
 - 1358 - Not doable :(
 - 1225 - Domagoj may have already solved this - asking him to make a PR.
- Issues in [Github Issues](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-UI-Interest-Group/issues)
 - Notes on the issues.
- Fedora 4
- A/B testing
- Report to Islandora board for November



